Document `trigger` operation iteration modes (#527)
directus/docs: content/guides/06.automate/4.operations.md

- **Flow** — Define a flow by its primary key UUID.
- **Payload** — Defines a JSON `payload` to pass into `$trigger` on the flow it triggered.

> - **Iteration Mode** - Specifies how triggered flows are executed. Supported modes are `Serial`, `Parallel`, and `Batch` (default: `Serial`).

Reviewer: Thanks for the great explanation, it's super clear for me! 
Just a tiny tweak, when I tried I noticed the default is parallel, plus imho mentioning what's default is not necessary.

Author: That's what I get for not double checking 😓 , fair point though and agreed!

Author: Updated/Removed via 367960b

Reviewer: All good, I dropped the default 10 as well, thanks for removing it 😅

  - `Serial`: Runs the selected flow for each item in the payload sequentially, starting the next only after the previous execution completes.
  - `Batch`: Runs the selected flow for each item in the payload concurrently within a batch, starting the next batch only after the previous one completes.

>   - `Parallel`: Runs the selected flow for each item concurrently and waits for all executions to complete, with no guaranteed order.

Reviewer: Trying to simplify it a bit more with removing `Runs the selected flow for each item`, I think it gives the same meaning, what do you think?
```suggestion
  - `Serial`: Runs items sequentially, starting the next only after the previous execution completes.
  - `Batch`: Runs items concurrently within a batch, starting the next batch only after the previous one completes.
  - `Parallel`: Runs items concurrently and waits for all executions to complete, with no guaranteed order.
  ```

Author: I believe it should be verbose here, we want it to be clear that a flow is triggered once per item in the payload. How that flow is triggered in the scope of the entire payload/run is then dependent on the mode selected. The proposed changes would still allow for that confusion.

Reviewer: Oh yes you are right, since the flow being run with every item indeed. 
Sure let's stick with your version then ✅
